Mention streams possibly having policies (#18)
martinthomson/no-expiry: draft-thomson-gendispatch-no-expiry.md

Suggestions have already been made
for automatically marking drafts as "inactive" after a certain period of time,
for allowing working group chairs to control the marking for working group drafts,

> for allowing drafts in particular editorial streams to have automatic stream-specific policy,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for allowing documents targeting different streams (see {{Section 5 of ?RFC 4844}}) to be subject to stream-specific policies,
```
